---
layout: post
title:  "Kindness"
date:   2015-12-29 23:59:00
categories: life feature
tags: featured
image: /assets/article_images/2015-12-29-Kindness/quote-dalai-lama.png
---
## Kindness


> An act that positively influences the life of both the giver and the receiver is a kindness. It doesn't have to cost money or be difficult to perform. It can be spontaneous or premeditated. It can be as simple as a smile or a thank you, or as complicated as starting a non-profit organization to benefit those in need. Actively seeking out opportunities to assist others will naturally bring a certain amount of warmth and feeling of self-worth to each of us. It feels good to help others and others feel good knowing someone wants to help them.
**(Chuck Wal)**


I learnt that along with everyone else on our beautiful planet, we are flawed and imperfect individuals. We make mistakes, we hurt our beloved ones. But the only way we can do is to forgive others and especially for yourself. To forgive means that you give up all hopes for a better past. There is no way to do that and it's waste of time and effort. 

> Happiness is here and now.
**(Thich Nhat Hanh)**

**My utter dream is to make our world better and share my kindness**. I love taking care of others and making sure other's happy, joyful, comfortable, fed well and given a good laugh.

I remembered the many times  I had seen a homeless person, feeling sorry for this poor guy but doing nothing. I do give money to homeless people when I walk by. Sometimes, I bought some food, or a blanket for them to keep their body warm in these cold days. At this time, I felt bad for not doing this more often, but never really interact with them, beside a smile. 
 
I think that people all have the compassion inside but they push it into the deep corners of our heart because they're too busy with life. They tend to spend their time mostly to plan their future, to prepare to live, not just live in the stillness.

Finally, I believe that: 
> When you smile to the world, the world smiles back.

And it's true!  

Be. Kind. Regardless. And I'll be fine!
